alright guys this is a structural video
for the cyclone VT I couldn't find
anyone on YouTube anywhere that's
showing people of how they've done it or
anything like that any unboxing which is
not have 21 so I thought I'd show you
what I've done so far now going off
instructions the first thing it tells
you to do is to find a dry super cool
location for the alarm so what I've done
this is a s rad GSXR 600 I've put it in
the back this is the box here all the
electronics in it what the siren just
they're stuck on there and then now what
so what it tells you to do first of all
which also obviously locating it get the
one yellow wire to the left position
feed and the one on the right position
feed for the indicators now what I've
done is obviously the warrant indicator
loom comes along into the back side is
torching you have to bear with me cos I
find stuff and this one's the right side
basically you've got your red and your
black wire then you go and what you've
got to do is that these two wires from
my indicators the solid black one for me
is positive so what I've done is I've
soldered all my joints as well but the
yellow and the positive for the
indicator on to the positive from the
wiring loom and the black on it so the
earth one just goes onto the indicator
and that's it
I've done that on both sides but other
ones tuck tight down there somewhere so
you know that's that one done and these
yellow wires follow right way down into
like a wiring loom for yet for the arm
down here to where the battery is and
then I've got my black and white black
and red sorry off the wiring in for the
power directly onto the battery with
your 15 amp fuse also you've got a white
bunch of water here which comes up to
you little LED light thing to show that
your alarms oh that's that's simple
let's we'll just done like that and then
oh right so once you've done that it in
goes on to the first class piece of piss
to be honest then it becomes a bit more
awkward this is the way they word stuff
and what they want you to do is you've
got to get
pink and the brown wire and the gray
wire up to the ignition up to where the
fuse box is and that's mine down there
up there or I've done
it's from from the wiring loom that
comes out from the alarm here's the
wires down here I put the pink the gray
and the and the brown all together and
I've run it down the side of the boy
underneath the petrol tank etc a nice
color on the other side and what I've
done is I've had to extend them so
they've tired to do different colored
wires now but the the pink and the brown
are these two black ones and the gray
weren't turned into the red one I don't
know if you just see about see it there
what they want you to do where they word
it is you've got a connect the brown and
the pink was the live side and the gray
wire to the dead side and this is on the
the fuse in here for your ignition now
they tell you to start a bike up pull
out one of the choose each time and then
once it bite cuts out you'll know which
one the fuse is but you know I've got it
all written on the side down there tell
me what it is but when it comes to them
telling me to do the pink and the brown
on once on the live side and the grey on
the dead side after testing there where
that that bit there where my ignition
fuse is one side obviously live which
was the right hand side and one side was
was dead and I looked underneath to
where the war is that connects to the
fuses and there's nothing on the
left-hand side but this there's wise on
the right-hand side so what they
actually are trying to tell you is it
says in brackets that some fit is cut
the way output wire and put the brink
pink and the brown on the side that goes
into the wiring loom for the rest of the
bike and the gray sir the grey one on
the side of the fuse box so what I've
done basically is the grey that come
from the wiring loom from the from the
alarm which turned into red I've plugged
on the top sort of a fuse out put it a
little connector on there and put it on
on the right hand side which is where
the Y comes out
from underneath and then underneath what
I've done is the the two black ones are
put into a connector block just there
which make it into a single wire which
they've gone all the way around
underneath to do it to the live wire
that comes under the fuse box to the
right-hand side and I've put another
connector in there and connected that to
that wire so you've got basically the
pink and brown underneath to the wire
that's coming straight out and then I've
taken a few out and put the gray which
turned into red on the right-hand side
of the fuse which is where which is
where the wire from underneath goes to
so there's nothing on the left-hand side
it's just like a blank so I'm assuming
that's where the fuse makes a bridge or
whatever for it to work I think that's a
better option rather than cutting it
because if you go wrong then well your
really and after that you've got
to find the little blue wire the start
relay one which they to see it for me
what I did is well when it got C d-four
from my manual and there you go starter
starter relay which is there goes up to
there and what you got to do is mine was
one black wire Jordan abuse it and top
ground no why was one black which is
obviously the earth one to two red which
was alive and I'll comment what the
other color it was it was like good
green but that was the that was the live
feed or plug the blue antique and that
was telling me that was done now that
was the blue one is for the remote start
as far as I got
when you press the two the two lightning
bolts
is that for it won't start up and the
reason being is because they want you I
found up yeah I found out and what I
thought I do you can't it's cuz it's not
an automatic I built in immobilizer
story from Suzuki but what they wanted
me to do was buy a hundred ohm resistor
and coming up here at my ignition down
to the bottom into this loom here right
in front of me there's some lies in
there and I've got a bridge to lies in
there to over I'd be a mobile already
built in mobilizers going to go in and
then to do because you have to you know
pushing the clutch to get the engine
side apparently there's two wires just
coming out underneath there
and you've got to connect those two up
together to get rid of the young the
clutch sensor and that is there you told
me will then have it ticking over and
going over apart from that there the
alarms pretty good I've had no troubles
with it also when it comes to the fuse
bit what you're doing the grain pink
were evenly leave the fuse out which
place it to me it was quite common
mistake because I left it in and the
immobilizer part of it wasn't working
and but that's about it I mean it's
pretty basic what I've shown you but
that's as far as I got
I was gonna do a video while I was doing
it but I couldn't be bothered it pretty
stressed me out start off with to be
honest but it took me about an hour to
fit a little I think and once I get my
resistors and stuff for you then I'm
going to be doing the touch side of it
Cheers